update migration resources (#3437)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-wso2-api-manager/upgrading-from-200-to-400.md

            2. Re-run the command above.

            **Make sure to revert the change done in <a href="#stepT1">Step 1</a>, after the migration is complete.**

>             If you encounter below error when running the execute the given db script against the shared_db;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If you encounter the following error when executing the given DB script against the shared_db:
```

Reviewer: @isharac , please apply this change to other sections as well.
